so I wrote a book I know what you're
thinking Ben how can you write book when
you don't know how to read that's a very
good question so here it is and they've
put it through out of my face happening
that is hilarious yes very good mr.
editor get it off thank you now put it
over there thank you it is so the
shoebox Besut part 1 monsters and
machines but Benjamin Maxwell dead sleep
since my little project this is the
first for short stories that make up a
prequel to form much larger books that
in turn have a trilogy the spirals off
of them it's 11 books first of 11
basically my imagination is trying to
kill me send help and cookies please
imagine Indiana Jones meets doctor who
meets james bond meets harry potter
meets lord the rings and mishmash all
together and that's what you get really
it's kind of a sci-fi fantasy thing
going on I'll read you the synopsis it's
my channel I can do it on bit
self-indulgent Bernie's my channel so
media join captain charlie crumble and
his elite squadron of soldiers as they
battle their way through the Alpha Omega
missions as the Second World War raged
all around them the men separate
themselves as they pursue their
classified assignment they target a mad
man of incredible intelligence with an
appetite for the strange unusual and
pure hatred for the human race is
twisted projects fought the team as they
endeavored tracking down and right now a
pack of savage mutated Nazi werewolves
are hot on their heels blood is
everywhere the death toll is high and
things couldn't get much worse that is
until the sky rips open and Billy random
appears it's free by the way free this
is free is free dr. is free is free it's
on kobo and smash books and I books it's
on kindle but kindle well let me do it
for free there they're evil um it's 77
p.m. kindle assist jeepers then let me
do it but 77p will get you a pretty nice
chocolate bar personally I'd get the
chocolate bar and then download for free
and have a chocolate bar and a good book
everyone wins you know I'm saying so
that's it the shoe box pursue part 1
monsters and machines Benjamin expert
debts be
screw it i'm going to read it to you
guys the shoebox pursuit chapter one
from